Update date on storage and cookies article (#7407)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/storage-and-cookies/index.md

Cookies set on chrome-extension:// pages always use [`SameSite=Lax`][same-site]. Consequently, they
can never be accessed in iframes and partitioning is not relevant.

> When an extension embeds a third-party website inside of a chrome-extension:// page, the behavior

Reviewer: What is a chrome-extension:// page?

Author: There's a definition under "Update the content security policy" here: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/migrating/improve-security/

> When an extension embeds a third-party website inside of a chrome-extension:// page, the behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an extension embeds a third-party website inside one of its pages, the behavior
```
